docs: updated the documentation of ceph-nfs-crd (#7455)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-nfs-crd.md

  namespace: rook-ceph
spec:
  rados:
    # RADOS pool where NFS client recovery data and per-daemon configs are
    # stored. In this example the data pool for the "myfs" filesystem is used.
    # If using the object store example, the data pool would be
    # "my-store.rgw.buckets.data". Note that this has nothing to do with where

>     # exported CephFS' or objectstores live.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # exported CephFSes or objectstores live.
```

    priorityClassName:
```

>  You can enable the creation of NFS exports in the dashboard for a given cephfs or object gateway pool with the following command in the ceph-tools container:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 You can enable the creation of NFS exports in the dashboard for a given cephfs or object gateway pool by running the following command in the toolbox container:
```

>  You can enable the creation of NFS exports in the dashboard for a given cephfs or object gateway pool with the following command in the ceph-tools container:

Reviewer 2: maybe this looks better
```suggestion
 To enable the creation of NFS exports in the dashboard for a given cephfs or object gateway pool by running `$ ceph dashboard set-ganesha-clusters-rados-pool-namespace <pool_name>[/<namespace>]` in the toolbox container.
```

Reviewer: Good suggestion, but remove `To` from the beginning.

> ```yaml 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```console
```

Author: okay

> ceph dashboard set-ganesha-clusters-rados-pool-namespace <your cluster name>:<the ganesha pool name>/<the ganesha namespace> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ ceph dashboard set-ganesha-clusters-rados-pool-namespace <pool_name>[/<namespace>]
```
see [this](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/mgr/dashboard/#configuring-nfs-ganesha-in-the-dashboard)

Author: Yaa it's the way given in the document but I would say that's the fix I have to do for the command, [quoted here ](https://github.com/rook/rook/issues/7064#issuecomment-790819657)

Author: Yaa the above command is also true for single cluster but for using multiple NFS-Ganesha clusters we require [cluster name or id](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/mgr/dashboard/#support-for-multiple-nfs-ganesha-clusters).

Reviewer 2: in that case, you can have 2 commands one for a single cluster and the other for multiple clusters.

Reviewer: An example of cluster name, ganesha pool name, and ganesha namespace that match examples we have would be good for users also.

Author: ok

    priorityClassName:
```

 Enable the creation of NFS exports in the dashboard for a given cephfs or object gateway pool by running the following command in the toolbox container:

> [For single NFS-GANESHA CLUSTERS](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/mgr/dashboard/#configuring-nfs-ganesha-in-the-dashboard)  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[For single NFS-GANESHA cluster](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/mgr/dashboard/#configuring-nfs-ganesha-in-the-dashboard)  
```

Reviewer 2: @leseb not sure if we need a ceph link here?

Reviewer 3: I'm fine with more doc anyways :)

```console 
ceph dashboard set-ganesha-clusters-rados-pool-namespace <ganesha_pool_name>[/<ganesha_namespace>]
```

> [FOR MULTIPLE NFS-GANESHA CLUSTERS](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/mgr/dashboard/#support-for-multiple-nfs-ganesha-clusters)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[For multiple NFS-GANESHA clusters](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/mgr/dashboard/#support-for-multiple-nfs-ganesha-clusters)
```
